Shut Up and Take My Money
YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL PYLONS
FUS RO DAH!
Two plus two is four, minus one that's three, quick maths
The ting goes skrrrahh, pap, pap, ka-ka-ka
What's in the box ?!??
Jews did 9/11
Jet fuel can't melt steel beams!
send bob and vagene pls
FFFFFFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU---
My name's Jeff
Suit up!
When I'm sad, I stop being sad, and be awesome instead! True Story...
Think of me like Yoda but instead of being little and green I wear suits ... green I wear suits and I'm awesome. I'm your bro - I'm Broda!
I'm Mr. Meeseeks Look at Me!
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die.
I volunteer as tribute!
Ching Chong Ling Long Ting Tong
We have to have a wall. We have to have a border. And in that wall we're going to have a big fat door where people can come into the country, but they have to come in legally.
ALLAHU AKBAR
Aloha Snackbar!
Make America Great Again!
I said pass the juice, not gas the jews!
People die when they are killed
Press F to pay respects
The intent is to provide players with a sense of pride and accomplishment...
It was just a prank bro!
OMAE WA MO SHINDEIRU
MY MAN
What is my purpose?
Nani the fuck did you just fucking iimasu about watashi, you chiisai bitch desuka? Watashi'll have anata know that watashi graduated top of my class in Nihongo 3, and watashi've been involved in iroirona Nihongo tutoring sessions, and watashi have over sanbyaku perfect test scores. Watashi am trained in kanji, and watashi is the top letter writer in all of southern California. Anata are nothing to watashi but just another weaboo. Watashi will korosu anata the fuck out with vocabulary the likes of which has never been mimasu'd before on this continent, mark watashino fucking words. Anata thinks anata can get away with hanashimasing that kuso to watashi over the intaaneto? Omou again, fucker. As we hanashimasu, watashi am contacting watashino secret netto of otakus across the USA, and anatano IP is being traced right now so you better junbishimasu for the ame, ujimushi. The ame that korosu's the pathetic chiisai thing anata calls anatano life. You're fucking shinimashita'd, akachan.
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer's head. There's also Rick's nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they're not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick's existential catchphrase "Wubba Lubba Dub Dub," which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev's Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon's genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti
GOTTA GO FAST
Pen Pineapple Apple Pen
HARDCORE PARKOUR
ya dun know
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise?
DO IT, just DO IT! Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday, you said tomorrow. So just. DO IT! Make. your dreams. COME TRUE! Just... do it! Some people dream of success, while you're gonna wake up and work HARD at it! NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE!You should get to the point where anyone else would quit, and you're not gonna stop there. NO! What are you waiting for? DO IT! Just... DO IT! Yes you can! Just... do it! If you're tired of starting over, stop. giving. up.
What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.
Gr8 b8, m8. I rel8, str8 appreci8, and congratul8. I r8 this b8 an 8/8. Plz no h8, I'm str8 ir8. Cre8 more, can't w8. We should convers8, I won't ber8, my number is 8888888, ask for N8. No calls l8 or out of st8. If on a d8, ask K8 to loc8. Even with a full pl8, I always have time to communic8 so don't hesit8
I sexually Identify as an Attack Helicopter. Ever since I was a boy I dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners. People say to me that a person being a helicopter is Impossible and I'm fucking retarded but I don't care, I'm beautiful. I'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades, 30 mm cannons and AMG-114 Hellfire missiles on my body. From now on I want you guys to call me "Apache" and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly. If you can't accept me you're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege. Thank you for being so understanding.
Thanks Obama
You're a faggot, Harry
Please Wash Hands when returning from libc.
git gud scrub
that's what she said
cheers mate
This offends me as a vegan transgender atheist who vapes and crossfits 4 times a week and im also a male feminist as I identify myself as a pastafarian apache helicopter dog mega multi combo god of hyper death and if you dont agree with me You're an ignorant arrogant globaphobic bigot sexist lesbian.
ITS A TRAP
fuck her right in the pussy
Did you hear about the man whose whole left side was cut off? He's alright now.
WUBBA LUBBA DUB DUBBBB
you lil' shit
I LIKE TRAINS
DIE POTATO ... Not Today
nah man nah
Stop it. Get some help.
WATCH OUT WATCH OUT WATCH OUT! OHHHH ! R-K-O !!!!
sick em boys 
BLAST 'EM
Watch those wristrockets!
If you put a million monkeys at a million keyboards, one of them will eventually write a Java program. The rest of them will write Perl programs.
There are 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary and those who have regular sex.
I've got a really good UDP joke to tell you, but I don't know if you'll get it
A lil' C4 knocking at ya' door
I would have gotten away too! If it weren't for you meddling kids
Be advised an enemy sniper has been spotted in your AO, proceed with caution.
I've got 99 problems but a bitch ain't one
Python is the best programming language
Fuck Java
Did you say chocolate? Chocolate? CHOCOLATE !?!!?!
I'm the Scatman! Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub, Yo da dub dub; Ski-bi dibby dib yo da dub dub, Yo da dub dub
Dicks out for Harambe
FOOKIN' LASAR SAIGHTS
You are ... the only exception
I can't believe you've done this.
CYKA BLYAT
smoke weed everyday
I'm the muthafukkin Vietnamese guy ~
SHUT UP GRANDMA
X-gon give it to ya'
Whaaat its just an ordinary -- OH MY GOODNESS
wow that's pretty good, I give it 9 out of 11
Hey could you hand me the skin-coloured crayon ? 
Oppa Gangnam Style ~
ATTTATTATATATATATATATA
Whoop Whoop thats the sound of the police 
I kennot lah
walao why you like dis one
can duwant anot
you don't chibai
cao ni ma
con9lan7firm
Hello World
THIS. IS. SPARTA !!!
JUST DO IT !
Do it!** Just *do it*! Don't let your dreams be dreams. Yesterday, you said tomorrow. So **just do it! Make your dreams come true! Just do it!
Bros before Hoes
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
YEEEEBOIIII
Now watch me whip, now watch me nay nay
STOP! YOU'VE VIOLATED THE LAW
D-D-D-D-DROP THE BASS
Darude Sandstorm
u wot m8
u wan sum fuk ?
You can't touch music, but music can touch you
Another settlement needs our help
doin your mom
This castle is in UNACCEPTABLEEE CONDITIONNNN. UNACCEPTABLLLEEEEE
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
ITS LIT
DELET IT
Memes memes the magical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
PEWWWWWWWWWWWWDIEPIE
BUT CAN YOU DO THIS ????
Just Monika.
I KNOW DE WAY
YOU DO NOT KNOW DE WAY
Somebody toucha my spaghet !
YA DUN NOE 
I don't feel so good...
PHP is the best programming language
Cis ! Mari kita bangun !!! 
I gently open the door...
You know I had to do it to 'em
JESUS TAKE THE WHEEL
This is fine.
This is my life now
Dread it, Run from it, Destiny always arrives
kepala bapak kau
malu apa bossku ?
be ethical -- dont be unethical
muh favourite
TUTURU
OH SHIT WADDUP
Keke, do you love me...
weird flex but ok
Get In The Fucking Robot Shinji
Hey Vsauce! Michael here.
Am I a Joke to you ?
Is it because I'm Chinese ??
I use Arch btw.
Everyday I'm Shufflin'
It's rewind time!
WAKANDA FOREVER
it do be like that sometimes
